docs(js): fix function setup, env vars in code examples, code examples to use `aws-amplify` (#4089)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/graphqlapi/graphql-from-node.mdx

? Provide an AWS Lambda function name: myfunction
? Choose the runtime that you want to use: NodeJS
? Choose the function template that you want to use: Hello World

Available advanced settings:
- Resource access permissions
- Scheduled recurring invocation
- Lambda layers configuration
- Environment variables configuration
- Secret values configuration

? Do you want to configure advanced settings? Yes
? Do you want to access other resources in this project from your Lambda function? Yes
? Select the categories you want this function to have access to. api
? Select the operations you want to permit on <YOUR_API_NAME> Query, Mutation, Subscription

You can access the following resource attributes as environment variables from your Lambda function
	API_<YOUR_API_NAME>_GRAPHQLAPIENDPOINTOUTPUT
	API_<YOUR_API_NAME>_GRAPHQLAPIIDOUTPUT
	API_<YOUR_API_NAME>_GRAPHQLAPIKEYOUTPUT
	ENV
	REGION
```

## Query

<!-- due to placeholder text -->
<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```js
const { Amplify, API } = require('aws-amplify')

const amplifyConfig = {
  aws_appsync_graphqlEndpoint: process.env.API_<your-api-name>_GRAPHQLAPIENDPOINTOUTPUT,
  aws_appsync_authenticationType: 'API_KEY',

>   aws_appsync_apiKey: process.env.API_<your-api-name>_GRAPHQLAPIKEYOUTPUT,

Author: ```suggestion
  aws_appsync_region: process.env.REGION,
```

this isn't required, but would it be beneficial to note?

This API will have operations available for `create`, `read`, `update`, and `delete`. Let's take a look at how to perform both a __query__ as well as a __mutation__ from a Lambda function using Node.js.

> First, create a Lambda function with `amplify add function` and make sure to give access to your GraphQL API when prompted for whether you want to grant access to other resources in the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, create a Lambda function with `amplify add function` and make sure to give access to your GraphQL API when prompted by the CLI to grant access to other resources in the project.
```

```console

> ay add function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
amplify add function
```

Author: 😷 good catch

const apiKey = process.env.API_<YOUR_API_NAME>_GRAPHQLAPIKEYOUTPUT;

exports.handler = async (event) => {
  const req = new AWS.HttpRequest(appsyncUrl, region);
  
  const item = {
    input: {
      name: "Lambda Item",

>       description: "Item Generated from Lambda"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      description: "Item generated by Lambda function"
```

    }
  };
  
  req.method = "POST";
  req.path = "/graphql";
  req.headers.host = endpoint;
  req.headers["Content-Type"] = "application/json";
  req.body = JSON.stringify({
    query: graphqlQuery,
    operationName: "createTodo",
    variables: item
  });
  
  if (apiKey) {
    req.headers["x-api-key"] = apiKey;
  } else {

>     const signer = new AWS.Signers.V4(req, "appsync", true);

Reviewer 2: Do we use "appsync" or do we have a constant defined anywhere like  AWS_SERVICES.APPSYNC?
